so we set up a special deadly 60
experiment this tank here is filled with
the exact kind of life that you find out
there in the ponds just the sort of
things that this spider will be feeding
on mark the cameraman down here has a
super high magnification lens so
hopefully we can get to see the spider
hunting all we need to do now is sit and
wait and hope for some action raft
spiders spend most of their lives half
in half out at the water
they sense ripples that on the surface
that lets them know that their dinners
approaching
[Music]
the reason this spider has managed to
make this environment so much its own is
down to its use of surface tension for
very very small creatures and for
creatures that can spread their weight
efficiently the surface of the water
becomes like a sort of elastic sheet
that it can skate about over the top and
see this one here standing up on its
tiptoes on the water almost as if it was
solid it can still however duck beneath
the surface and catch things that are
swimming around just underneath the
water but this spider can do something
even more amazing
he's just ducked beneath the surface now
look that is amazing all of that silvery
Sheen to the air to the exoskeleton is
just traps air bubbles which are held
under tiny tiny little hairs on down the
legs makes him look like he's been
wrapped up in bacon or something he's
just turned into a robot spider amazing
they can stay submerged like this on a
single breath of air for perhaps as long
as in power which kind of shows why it's
pointless flushing a spider down a
single down the path look at that going
right down actually he's right by a
water boatman at the bottom of this Reed
this could be about to happen we could
be about to see rough spider hunting in
progress
that was close you see that spine is
definitely getting more active oh just
missed it Oh got it
[Music]
that was absolutely miserable Spyder
just absolutely lunged forward quarter
how all that water boatmen which
themselves are quite ferocious predators
and it's all over right now
venom is being injected into that insect
and it's going to start digesting from
the inside out and it's history all over
in a flash
you can't tell me that's not deadly